The  work has progressed  well so far.

Project Description
The team is helping LogicMatter with Superset, a relatively new open source tool for reporting that allows clients to do ad hoc reporting dashboards which is being integrated with our Product PointMatter.   As part of this project; we asked the team to help us with 3 critical aspects
1) A way to have a single signon from our Platform to use Superset - currently Superset requires another signon to get access to the reporting platform - Being open source and relatively new, the team researched if there was any way to do this and have come up with satisfactory options that we can consider to fix this issue - 
Status - As a part of this release, they have come up with the approaches that may fix the issue. 
Next Steps- As part of the next release they will actually work on the extension required to customize flask. The solution can then be released to the open source and will help many others in the community facing the same issue.

2) Role based security - The team was also asked to help us to have the role based security that is defined by the client admin using our  platform to also work with Superset, which is integrated with our platform. Basically we need the security   controlled by our Platform. Again the team's target was to first understand Superset code and find possible approaches since there was no ready solution available in the open source  to overcome this limitation. 
Status - The team came up with satisfactory approaches to debug this issue 
Next Steps - They will need to Customize Superset  to debug this issue 

3) Explore on dashboard creation using Superset
Status-  The team are able to produce dashboards using Superset

Issues faced : As mentioned this is a relatively new reporting tool in the open source so a challenging project for the students as there is no proper documentation, not much feedback from the community to help them so there is a lot of analysis that needs to be done by the students and for the next steps they will also need to develop some custom code in Flask, using the approach they have come up with.

Overall I would say it has been a good experience working with this  IIIT group of Students;  We find them bright, intelligent, with great communication skills. They engaged with our team to clear doubts and work well as a team.  Wish the team all the very best

Thanks and regards,
Pallavi Rao
Managing Director
+91-9833553964